update contributing docs (#28)
lucaferranti/FuzzyLogic.jl: docs/src/contributing.md

First of all, huge thanks for your interest in the package! ✨

> This page has some tips and guidelines on how to contribute. For a more unstructured discussion, you can chat with the developers in the [element chat](https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#FuzzyLogic-jl:gitter.im).

Author: ```suggestion
This page has some tips and guidelines on how to contribute. For more unstructured discussions, you can chat with the developers in the [element chat](https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#FuzzyLogic-jl:gitter.im).
```
